manifest create: add --amend and --replace for non-list images (#6676)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-manifest-create.1.md

**--amend**

Instead of exiting with an error when *listNameOrIndexName* already exists,
amend the existing image. When *listNameOrIndexName* is a manifest list, the

> contents of *listNameOrIndexName* are not modified unless *imageName*s are

Reviewer: I think you want to bold the plural, not leave the `s` out of the bold:

```suggestion
contents of *listNameOrIndexName* are not modified unless *imageNames* are
```
